---
title: Neural networks have been fantastically productive in 2022! 💪😎
publishDate: 2022-12-26T00:00:00Z
excerpt: Let's recall some interesting moments of 2022 in the AI world?
description: Let's recall some interesting moments of 2022 in the AI world.
image: https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2000/1*Bk1AU-oUlKu2Db7ZGkVubA.jpeg
category: AI
tags:
  - ChatGPT
  - Midjourney
  - Lensa
  - ProfilePicture
  - QQ
  - SMMart
---

Let's recall some interesting moments of 2022 in the AI world?

1️⃣ For example, a presentation of the chatbot ChatGPT, which gives out information on all your requests in the form of simple and understandable sentences. ChatGPT can not only chat with you, but also knows how to code and find bugs, clearly answer even difficult questions, and also write essays, scripts, lyrics, and in general is constantly learning something new.

By the way, the same book for children, written by a neural network, was created just by ChatGPT. The enthusiast received the finished text from the chatbot, slightly edited it and launched the sale of copies of the book on Amazon!

2️⃣ The illustrations for the mentioned masterpiece were created using an equally sensational neural network in the format of the discord bot Midjourney, which creates amazing art based on text queries.

Now it is one of the most affordable among competitors. Therefore, every day there are mountains of banknotes generated by Midjourney on the network.

3️⃣ It is worth mentioning the boom in social networks, when users posted their portraits drawn by AI. Such neuro-avatars were created on the basis of uploaded photos of the user, and especially in this aspect, the services Lensa, ProfilePicture were remembered.AI and Neural Love.

Another viral neural network turned out to be a new service from Chinese developers QQ, which turns any portrait photos into anime art.

4️⃣ And at the end of this long post, let's talk about our app — SMMart.

It combines everything you need for a content maker: the generation of optimized text and unique images that match the meaning.

All this is a matter of a few clicks. The application provides a ready-made content plan for any period you set and allows you to set up deferred posting.

At the moment, the app is at the stage of closed beta testing. And very soon we will launch a set of users to whom we will provide early access to the app.

Follow the news to be able to get into our white-list 👌

#SMMartFutureIsHere #SMMart
