---
title: AI-Generated Girl Claudia Earns $100 on Photo Sales, Raises Questions About Fake Identities Online
publishDate: 2023-05-21T00:00:00Z
image: https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2048/1*_ga3U3Hcy4teFQgp8NzqXQ.jpeg
description: This article discusses the creation of Claudia, an AI-generated girl who flirted with guys on Reddit and sold candid photos. The experiment, created by two IT students, aimed to test if people could be fooled by a non-existent girl generated by neural networks. However, some users noticed the fake, and the experiment raised questions about fake identities online. The post also promotes SMMart, an AI system that helps businesses promote their products and services. Learn more about Claudia and the future of AI-generated content in this article.
excerpt: This article discusses the creation of Claudia, an AI-generated girl who flirted with guys on Reddit and sold candid photos. The experimen...
category: AI
tags:
  - AI
  - Claudia
  - neural networks
  - fake identities
  - SMMart
---

## Cute 19-year-old brunette Claudia earned $ 100 on the sale of her photos. And everything would be fine, except for Claudia… created using Stable Diffusion 💔

The AI girl flirted with guys on Reddit and sold “her” candid photos to those who wrote to her in person. Claudia was quite popular there, collecting hundreds of admiring comments. Although a few users who are fumbling for the generation of neural networks, still saw the fake.

Claudia “didn’t show” her fingers on her photos, and the pictures themselves looked suspiciously licked with strange details on the background. But the digital madame on the mole finally burned down: she moved around the body.

It turned out that Claudia was created by two IT students. And they did it as an experiment: the guys wondered if it was possible to fool people with the nuances of a non-existent girl generated by neural networks.

Who would have thought that it was possible, right? 😱 That’s amazing! Well, in general, the guys raised about a hundred bucks for the entire time of their experiment.

But now the subreddit, where the guys posted pictures of Claudia, introduced a mandatory check: you need to send a 10–15 second video in order to prove that you are made of skin and meat. But with such a fast pace of development of neurofakes, it seems to us that we need to come up with a more creative degree of protection ☝️

In any case, such progress opens up many new opportunities for business. Do you want to know which ones can help you in promoting your products and services? Visit our [SMMart ](https://www.smm.art/)website.
