---
title: Marvel was hit by a barrage of criticism because of the intro generated by the neural network
image: https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2000/1*edvR3hZarJTgK2W9H48efw.png
description: This article discusses Marvel Studios' use of an AI-generated intro for its new series "Secret Invasion" and the public criticism and boycotts that ensued. The article notes the controversy surrounding the perceived lack of aesthetic value and respect for artists' creativity in using artificial intelligence for this purpose. The article also promotes SMMart as an AI tool for generating content for social media promotion and suggests that artificial intelligence can be used effectively if used wisely.
excerpt: This article discusses Marvel Studios' use of an AI-generated intro for its new series "Secret Invasion" and the public criticism and boycotts that ...
publishDate: 2023-06-26T00:00:00Z
category: AI
tags:
  - Marvel
  - artificial intelligence
  - neural networks
  - SMMart
  - SMM
---

Marvel Studios was overwhelmed by a wave of public discontent because of the screensaver for the new series “Secret Invasion”, which was created with the help of artificial intelligence.

The film studio decided to keep up with technological innovations by commissioning the creation of an intro neural network. But this approach was not met with enthusiasm. Instead of the expected admiration, the company faced outrage from both the audience and the creators of comics.

Viewers and fans have accused Marvel of lacking the aesthetic value of the intro, calling it “disgusting.” They also reproached the studio for saving on the work of artists and disrespecting their creativity due to the use of artificial intelligence. Some viewers even boycotted the show.

Although the creators of the project explained that such an intro perfectly matches the theme of the show, in which alien skrulls can copy the appearance of people. The surreal art created by the neural network was chosen in order to emphasize the changing atmosphere of the world, which was secretly captured by aliens.

However, even with all these arguments, criticism from the public does not subside. Against this background, the question arises, how to properly and effectively use artificial intelligence in the modern world? The answer is simple — wisely.

For example, you can intelligently use our AI assistant SMMart. It was created in order to make life easier for SMM specialists and business owners. With SMMart, you can generate attractive and targeted content for social networks, saving your time and increasing the effectiveness of promotion.

Check out the possibilities of SMMart yourself right now — launch our [chatbot](https://t.me/smmart_official_bot) in Telegram and generate your first post using a neural network

#Marvel #ArtificialIntelligence #neuralnetworks #SMMart #SMM #AI
