---
title: The AI-created dispute between Bill Gates and Socrates provoked real disputes on the web
image: https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2000/1*PaaxiwFAwtalCp3TUBuBPg.png
description: This article discusses a video generated by designer Linus Ekenstam using neural networks, in which Microsoft founder Bill Gates conducts a dialogue with the ancient Greek philosopher Socrates on the topic of the impact of artificial intelligence on the education of the future. The article highlights the mixed reactions of the internet community to this creation, with some users criticizing the lack of authenticity in the idea while others praised the use of AI tools in creativity. The article also promotes SMMart, an AI tool designed for promoting business and personal brands on the internet.
excerpt: This article discusses a video generated by designer Linus Ekenstam using neural networks, in which Microsoft founder Bill Gates conducts a dialogue with t...
category: AI
tags:
  - AI
  - artificial intelligence
  - neural networks
  - SMMart
publishDate: 2023-06-07T00:00:00Z
---

Designer Linus Ekenstam generated a video with a talk show using neural networks, in which Microsoft founder Bill Gates conducts a dialogue with the ancient Greek philosopher Socrates.

The dialogue is devoted to the topical topic of the impact of artificial intelligence on the education of the future. Bill Gates emphasizes the need to integrate AI into the learning process, while Socrates expresses concerns about the possible loss of critical thinking and self-learning skills.

Contrary to the expectations of Ekenstam himself, who seriously asked “isn’t this the podcast of the future?”, the reaction of the Internet community to this creation of neural networks turned out to be ambiguous. Users noted the delirium of the fact that Socrates so quickly and enthusiastically accepted Gates’ arguments. However, Socrates’ British accent and the lack of originality in the idea itself were also criticized.

This all underscores the importance of balancing the use of AI tools in creativity and preserving authenticity, especially when referring to historical figures.

But creating high — quality and cool content using AI is a reality, and our AI tool SMMart can prove it. We have specially developed it to simplify the promotion of business and personal brands on the Internet. Do you want to see for yourself? Take a look at our [website](https://www.smm.art/).

#ArtificialIntelligence #AI #SMMart #AI #NeuralNetworks
